Meyer/js library consumers as tenants (#582)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2021-12/javacript-library-users-as-tenants/index.md

metaImage: blogimage-manageconsumersjslibraryastenants-2021.png
bannerImage: blogimage-manageconsumersjslibraryastenants-2021.png
bannerImageAlt: Blue octopus using a slingshot that catapults four JS files to people standing at the numbered windows of a four storey building.
isFeatured: false
tags:
 - DevOps
 - AWS
 - Multi-Tenancy
---

In my [previous post](https://octopus.com/blog/deploying-javascript-library-project-with-octopus), you learned how to use Octopus to deploy a hash-named JavaScript library bundle to cloud storage. In cloud storage, it was referenced by other projects via an automatically updated variable in a [library variable set](https://octopus.com/docs/projects/variables/library-variable-sets). 

That's a good start for managing reusable front-end code in Octopus. It keeps every consumer of your bundle on the latest version of your library as releases happen. Being on the latest version might be the exact behavior you need, especially if you only have a few internal projects that reference a small to medium-sized JavaScript library. However, if you continue this pattern as your organization scales up, some scenarios can create dilemmas.

## Motivating examples

> ### A backend release needs the old JS library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### A back-end release needs the old JS library
```
